Added remote basic configuration documentation (#1100)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_remoted/test_configuration/test_basic_configuration_connection_invalid_connection.md

# Test invalid connection

## Overview 

> Check that wazuh-remoted fails using invalid `connection` values 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if wazuh-remoted fails using invalid `connection` values and shows the expected error message to inform about it.
```

## Objective

> Confirm that `connection` option does not allow invalid values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To confirm `connection` option does not allow invalid values.
```
